Create convert-from-hono-guide.mdx (#34)
getcronit/pylon: docs/pages/docs/guides/convert-from-hono-guide.mdx

})

export default app
```

This service includes endpoints to:
 * Fetch a user by ID (`GET /users`)
 * Fetch a blog by ID (`GET /blog`)
 * Create a new blog (`POST /blogs`)
 * An additional route you might want to keep (`POST /post`)

### Install Pylon Dependencies
**Bun:**
```sh
bun add -D @getcronit/pylon-dev
bun add @getcronit/pylon
```
**Node**:
```sh
npm install --save-dev @getcronit/pylon-dev
bun add @getcronit/pylon
```

### Update `package.json` Scripts
Add the following scripts to your `package.json`:
**Bun:**
```json
"scripts": {
  "dev": "pylon dev -c 'bun run .pylon/index.js'",
  "build": "pylon build"
}
```
**Node**:
```json
"scripts": {
  "dev": "pylon dev -c \"node --enable-source-maps .pylon/index.js\"",
  "build": "pylon build"
}
```
 * `dev`: Runs the Pylon development server.
 * `build`: Builds the Pylon project.

### Create `pylon.d.ts`
Create a file named `pylon.d.ts` in your project root with the following content:
```typescript
import '@getcronit/pylon'

declare module '@getcronit/pylon' {
  interface Bindings {}

  interface Variables {}
}
```
This declaration file provides type definitions for Pylon.

> > **Note:** For more information on using bindings and variables in Pylon, read [Bindings & Variables](https://pylon.cronit.io/docs/guides/bindings-and-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For more information on using bindings and variables in Pylon, read [Bindings & Variables](./bindings-and-variables.mdx).
```

```

### Add Type Definitions
Define types for `User` and `Blog`:
```typescript
type User = {
  id: string
  name: string
  email: string
  age: number
  posts: string[]
  blogs: () => Promise<Blog[]>
}

type Blog = {
  id: string
  title: string
  content: string
  authorId: string
}
```

### Convert REST Endpoints to GraphQL Resolvers
Replace your REST endpoints with GraphQL resolvers using Pylon.
**Original REST Endpoints**
```typescript
app.get('/users', async (c) => {
  // ...existing code
})

app.get('/blog', async (c) => {
  // ...existing code
})

app.post('/blogs', async (c) => {
  // ...existing code
})
```
**New GraphQL Resolvers**
```typescript
export const graphql = {
  Query: {
    users: async (id: string): Promise<User> => {
      const user = await getUserById(id)
      return {
        ...user,
        blogs: async () => await Promise.all(user.posts.map(getBlogById))
      }
    },
  },
  Mutation: {
    createBlog: async (title: string, content: string, authorId: string): Promise<Blog> => {
      return await createBlog('1', title, content, authorId)
    }
  }
}
```
 * **Query Resolvers:** The `Query` object contains resolver functions for read-only operations.

>  * **Mutation Resolvers:** The `Mutation` object contains resolver functions for operations that modify data.
> By exporting `graphql`, Pylon automatically sets up the GraphQL schema based on the provided resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **Mutation Resolvers:** The `Mutation` object contains resolver functions for operations that modify data.
 
By exporting `graphql`, Pylon automatically sets up the GraphQL schema based on the provided resolvers.
```
